<div style="text-align: center;"><iframe src="gad.html" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" style="border: 1px solid gray; padding: 0; overflow:hidden; scrolling: no; top:0; left: 0; width: 100%;" onload="this.style.height=(this.contentWindow.document.body.scrollHeight+5)+'px';"></iframe></div>
## Informations about KiTTY 0.71

KiTTY adventure started in 2003. During all these years many features were integrated.

* some of them, especially written for KiTTY
* some others are third part patches that were adapted to fit to KiTTY: RuTTY, TuTTY, PuTTYCrypt... 

Each time new PuTTY was released, I've tried to merge all KiTTY features into new version.
Sometimes it was easy, sometime not !

In the past, 0.63 version was a very big revolution. All session settings management were modified. It took a long time to follow that major upgrade.

Now we face the same situation. The gap between 0.70 and 0.71 PuTTY version is huge:

* new settings managment evolution
* ssh core almost fully rewritten
* Windows core functions were rewritten too
* ... 

Of course I've stated to work on it, and some features are already available.

How can you help me

First I need help to test the first beta versions. You can check for classical features, and test if they are still working as usual: auto-command, auto-password, auto-reconnect, transparency, port knocking, hyperlink, print clipboard, embedded launcher, TuTTY features, RuTTY features, system tray ...

Don't hesitate to contact me if you discover something wired.

I already realized that some third part patches were completely broken:

* PuTTYCrypt patch to get credentials from certificate (sshpubk.c merge fails)
* PuTTYCyg to run a Cygwin terminal into KiTTY
* Zmodem to transfer files with ZModem protocol
* covidimus patch for background image, I know, it is completely useless ... but I really like it (window.c merge fails) 

Portability patch was completely rewritten.

I you feel fearless enough to try to adapt them, it will be a great relief if you could help me.
KiTTY source code is available at Github.

Regards
Cyd 
